The goal of this project is to make a quick and universally accessible budget/expense tracker. There will be an ability to track installment loans and 
easily visualize how much money is lost to interest and abilities to make savings goals.

As it stands most budget apps are either simply way too basic, and are effectively a glorified calculator. On the other end of the spectrum there are 
apps that are a chore to populate with all the desired information- using an app like this should make things easier, not harder. Additionally universal
 accessibility is a goal with this app, making it so it can accessed from multiple devices and shared among people. This makes it so you can jointly 
keep track of finances with spouses, roommates, etc.

The target audience of this app would be anyone who wants to keep track of their expenses/debt, however at least initially there will only be USA 
specific interest rate and stock performance info. 

APIs used will be Fireship for auth and Polygon.io for finance stats. Fireship while has much more initial overhead allows for a much better user 
experience with login, password management, and info security.

Database schema (refer to budget-app-database-schema.png)

Difficulties that may occur during development with the APIs are: 
Interpreting the data from Polygon and then using that information in a meaningful way to the end user can be difficult. On the other hand this 
will be my first time using Fireship and I have seen reports of it being initially difficult to incorporate into workflows. 
Nearly all information relating to the app will require verification as it is reasonable for users to expect their financial information to be safeguarded. 

The app’s main functions will be:
-Tracking expenses
-Sharing expenses within a group/household
-Quick readouts of expendable income the user has
-Setting goals for saving money
-Showing a consolidated list of installment credit and relating information
-Suggesting payment plans to reduce money lost to interest with installment credit

The user flow of the app will be the user filling in their recurring expenses(groceries, transport costs,etc) and income. From there a profile can be
 made comparing incoming and outgoing money. The user can input their credit loans and visualize money lost to interest and receive/create payment 
plans to improve their debt to income ratio as well as reduce money lost to interest. 
